Good afternoon it's Friday build time!
Build link: REDACTED

The Necrobinder has been overhauled quite a bit and is ready (with some issues) for a bit of playtesting :). Her starter cards are different and many of the cards have been reworked to match the changes. That being said, there have been no balance passes. Feedback on understanding how it works and overall thoughts are appreciated.

We almost have metrics up and the work done on the run history screens this build are a part of that. Ideas to improve the run history screen at this stage are most welcome!

**Gameplay & Balance**
- Blade Dance now Exhausts.
- Ceremonial Beast changes. HP from 220 -> 234. Butt attack changed from 6x2 -> 13 damage.
- Fabricator Battle HP Value changes: Fabricator 140->123. Guardbot 40->45. Noisebot 30->40. Stabbot 30->35. Zapbot 22->30.
- Flick Flack damage lowered from 7 -> 6.
- Leading Strike shiv gain lowered from 2 -> 1.
- Orb of Attraction damage from 10 -> 6.
- Rocket/Socket attack changes. Double Swing attack changed to Big Swing attack: 4x2 -> 10 damage and apply two Dazed.
- Rusted/Stone Blade Awoken changes: Now takes 3 -> 5 elites to transform and Strength lowered from 4 -> 3.
- Shadowstep card draw lowered from 4 -> 3.

**Necrobinder**
- Osty no longer has intents or takes turns and redirects all damage to itself
- Replace 1 Strike with Pull Aggro card in Necrobinder starting deck
- Rework Bodyguard card
- Rework Fetch card
- Rework Grab card
- Rework Loyalty card
- Rework Pull Aggro card
- Rework Rabid card
- Rework Scavenge card to deal 5 (7) damage
- Rework Sentry mode to deal 10 (15) damage
- Rework Slap to deal 9 damage and 12 on upgrade
- Rework Tackle card to cost 1, decrease self damage from 9 -> 5 and is now Blockable.
- Rework Tag Team card, damage is static as Osty no longer attacks
- Rework Transfuse to lose 5 -> 3 hp, heal 15 (even on upgrade), add exhaust and remove exhaust on upgrade
- Rework Poke card

**UI & Effects**
- Run history screen is now considerably more useful
- Character select screen gets text, position, button adjustments
- Updates to card trails

**Bug Fixes**
- Card potions correctly clear out unchosen cards
- Disable merchant card removal slot hover tip after using it
- Fix duplicate encounters from unknown rooms
- Disallow repeat encounters when moving from weak to normal pool
- Fixed Fatal keyword wording
- Fixed incorrect damage on infested automation and inviting cocoon events
- Fixed positioning of enchantment and rarity tab for card alteration preview
- Map position marker now renders over map nodes
- Osty not visible ressurecting at the end of combat
- Show appropriate merchant error message when potion bar is full
- Stone Calendar relic count is now cleared at end of fight
- Survivor requires you to select a card to draw
- Tweak Heel card wording