Welcome to Wongo's Patch Notes Emporium, where we have everything to satisfy your playtesting needs at wongtastic prices. On special this week we have lots of changes and new content for the Regent as well as Tezcatara the Ancient. We're also wongcited to announce that we just got 6 brand new events in stock, including one that features one of our very own Wongo's branches.

Please peruse our notes and enjoy your time at Wongo's.

**Build links:**
- [Windows]REDACTED
- [Linux]REDACTED

**CONTENT**

Regent:
- Added Conqueror card
- Added Wrought in War card
- Removed old Genesis card, renamed Nebula Field card to “Genesis”, and increased its rarity to Rare
- Reworked Kingly Punch card:
 - Attack | 2 | Uncommon
 - “Deal 1 damage. Next turn, deal 45(55) damage to the enemy.”
- Reworked Kingly Kick card:
 - Attack | 2 | Uncommon
 - “Deal damage equal to the damage you've already dealt this turn. Exhaust.”
- Reworked Particle Wall card:
 - Skill | 1 | Common
 - “Gain 7(10) Block. Return this card to your hand.”
- Reworked Quasar card:
 - Skill | 4 | Uncommon - 4
 - “Play the next (2) Attack(s) in your draw pile.”
- Reworked Singularity card: “Forge 35(40) | Sovereign Blade now deals damage to ALL enemies. | Exhaust.”
- Reworked Summon Forth card: “Forge 7(10). Draw Sovereign Blade to your hand from anywhere. Exhaust.”
- Reworked Supermassive card
 - Attack | 1 | Rare
 - “Deal 9 damage. Deal 2(3) additional damage for each card created this combat.”

Ancients:
-  Added Kindle card keyword
- Added Scourging Cleanse Tezcatara choice
- Reworked Flame in the Dark card:
 -  Skill | 0 | Event
 - “Kindle 3. Ethereal. Gain 3(4) energy. Draw 2(3) cards.”
- Reworked Tezcataras Might:
 - Power | 2| Event
 - “Kindle 2. Ethereal. Gain 11(15) Strength. At the end of your turn, lose 1 Strength.”
- Reworked Brightest Light:
 - Attack | 1 | Event
 - "Kindle 4. Ethereal. Deal 30(40) damage."
- Reworked Pitch Black Oil relic: “The next time you Smith, upgrade 3 cards. Afterwards, you may not Smith again.”
- Reworked Wax Choker relic: “Obtain 6 wax relics. Every three combats, one wax relic melts away.”
- Reworked Seal of Gold relic: “Obtain 777 Gold. You can no longer obtain Gold.”

Events:
- Added Doll Room event
- Added Reflections snoitcelfeR event
- Added Slippery Bridge event
- Added Stone of All Time event
- Added The Legends Were True event
- Added Welcome to Wongo's event

**BALANCE:**

Ironclad:
- Nerfed Dominate card: cost increased from 1 -> 2
- Nerfed Stomp card: damage decreased from 8(11)+12(14)  -> 8(11)+8(11)
- Nerfed Taunt card: Block gain and Vulnerable applied decreased from 8(12) Block and 2(3) Vulnerable -> 7(8) Block and 1(2) Vulnerable
- Nerfed Tremble+: Vulnerable applied decreased from 4 -> 3

Silent:
- Changed Master Planner card: is now Sly

Regent:
- Changed Glimmer+ card: no longer increases cards added to top of draw pile, decreased from 3 -> 2

Enemies:
- Buffed Owl Magistrate:
 - HP increased from 230 -> 233
 - Owl’s Wisdom power removed
 - Moveset reworked
 - Is now an Elite combat
- Changed Mechaknight:
 - HP increased to 250
 - Various moveset tweaks
- Changed Nibbit: moveset slightly tweaked
- Changed Slime Berserker: now a regular combat
- Changed Duo: now also applies Weak

Events:
- Changed Room Full of Cheese: Gorge now rolls cards based on default combat odds

**ART:**

- Added Queen run history icon
- Added placeholder Antlion run history icon
- Updated Hungry for Mushrooms, Living Cocoon, and Room Full of Cheese event art
- Updated Act 2 backgrounds
- Updated Ancient art with better placeholders
- Updated Regent character select portrait

**USER INTERFACE & EXPERIENCE:**

- Combat is now paused when the options screen, the deck screen, and other similar screens are open
- Added used potions to the run history
- Upload data tickbox in settings actually works now
- Removal of card rarity stars. SEE YOU SPACE COWBOY...

**WORDING:**

- Fixed Potion Courier wording
- Fixed Droplet of Precognition wording
- Purity's selection screen prompt now specifies the number of cards to choose
- There is no longer a stray space in Stack card description

**BUG FIXES:**

Ironclad:
- Fixed Tear Asunder card description
- Havoc card now triggers Feel No Pain even with unplayable cards

Silent:
- Playing Call of the Void card as Silent no longer softlocks the game

Regent:
- Added Weak hovertip to Glitterstream card
- Fixed highlight color on Supermassive card when previewing its upgrade
- Stars gained/lost now reflects immediately on card descriptions that display it

Colorless Cards:
- Panache now clears at the end of player turn rather than at the start
- No longer can transform a status card to Spiked
- The Bomb's damage now counts as being dealt by the player

Relics & Potions:
- Added info prompt to Droplet of Precognition card selection
- Filtered out Foul Potion when rolling potions
- Relic hovertips now align correctly and card hovertips don't overlap other tips
- Relics that no longer are used don’t have "relic used up" label and vice versa
- You can no longer trade the Pear relic at the Relic Trader event

Enemies:
- Egg Layer room name switched to Ovicopter
- Expose now interacts correctly with Burrowed (in Tunneler encounter)
- Fixed Giant Louse’s multiattack being unaffected by Strength
- Fixed Owl Magistrate’s intent position

Events:
- Fixed stuttering that happens at the start of event text fading in

Misc:
- Abandon Run now kills you instead of damaging you and ignores sides logic
- Card cost reductions from mid-combat upgrades will now override any temporary cost increases (from effects like Snecko Oil)
- Half-baked enchantment shows correct amount of Vulnerable applied
- Healthbar loss animation no longer occasionally occurs when combat starts
- The run history screen now properly shows enchantment names instead of "Deprecated Encounter"
- Upgrading a card mid-combat can no longer increase a temporarily-decreased energy cost

**PERFORMANCE:**

- Fixed the abandon run at main menu memory leak
- Preload the abandon run confirmation scene
- Preload the new submenu buttons