[blue][b]CONTENT[/b][/blue]

Acts:
- The Underdocks

Events:
- Added Act 1 event: Violent Heroes Two
- Added Act 1 event: The Reflection That Wasn't

[blue][b]FEATURES:[/b][/blue]

- In multiplayer: Players may now heal each other at Rest Sites
- In multiplayer: Player may now vote for some event choices. This adds the combat events from singleplayer to multiplayer!

[blue][b]BALANCE:[/b][/blue]

- Afflictions can now afflict unplayable cards except for Ringing
- You are now 25% more likely to receive a potion after defeating an Elite
- Spoils Map now picks an encounter map point in the first 3 rows of the Map (excludes Ancient) for its special reward
- Potions in shop prices now vary +-5 Gold

Necrobinder:
-  Neurosurge buffed. Card draw from 1 -> 2
-  Pagestorm buffed. Cost from 2 -> 1
-  Pull From Below buffed. HP Loss from 4(5) -> 6(8)
-  Scourge card buffed. Doom from 16(21) -> 18(23)
-  Severance card buffed. Damage from 17(21) -> 17(22)
-  Spirit of Ash card reworked. "Whenever you play an Ethereal card, gain 5(7) Block."
-  Veilpiercer card changed. Cost from 2 -> 1. Damage from 12(18) -> 9(13)

Regent:
- The Smith card nerfed. Forge from 35(45) -> 30(40)

Silent:
-  Flick Flack upgrade nerfed. Damage from 7(10) -> 7(9)
-  Precise Cut nerfed. Damage loss per card in hand from 1 -> 2. Damage from 13(18) -> 13(17)
-  Ricochet nerfed. Damage from 4(5) -> 3(4)

Ancients:
- Pael's Cloning Capsule nerfed. From 3 -> 4 combats to clone
-  Tezcatara's Brightest Flame buffed. Now also gains 2(3) energy

Status:
- Debris' cost changed from 1 -> 2

[blue][b]ART:[/b][/blue]

- Added portraits for Scrawl, Bodyguard, Invoke, and Lethality cards
- Color edits for Dagger Throw and Leg Sweep cards

[blue][b]USER INTERFACE & EXPERIENCE:[/b][/blue]

- Added a hotkey to open the feedback menu (F2)
- When a creature is healed in combat they now popup a green number
- Some changes to the Game Over screen and flow (work in progress)
- Hungry for Mushrooms event's Fragrant One choice now displays how much Max HP you will lose
- Include merchant skipped options in the Run History
- Move hand card index (if enabled) text closer to card + decrease size + angle is the same as the card now
- Slightly respositioned the banner position for Card Bundle and Game Over screens
- Multiplayer HP bars sizes change based on how much HP the player has
- New schema for Timeline placement
- Ancient Rarity cards now utilize a different card frame
- Reformatted room history hovertip
- In the multiplayer character select screen, chosen characters now have an indicator
- The Feedback Screen is faster as it now exits without waiting for logs to finish uploading
- In multiplayer, you can ping map nodes that you have selected by clicking on them again

[blue][b]AUDIO:[/b][/blue]

- Added custom Bgm for the Kin boss encounter
- Added sfx for Devoted Sculptor
- Added sfx for enemies in the Kin boss encounter
- Added sfx for Zapbot, Guardbot, and Noisebot
- Updated Cubex Construct sfx

[blue][b]WORDING:[/b][/blue]

- Duplex enchantment now uses the Replay keyword
- Soul's Power enchantment now uses the Replay keyword

[blue][b]BUG FIXES:[/b][/blue]

- Canceling a Smith in Rest Site, no longer still adds it as an entry in the run history
- After Image power should now trigger significantly faster
- Fix broken run history loading when looking at a mix of singleplayer/multiplayer runs
- Fixed an issue that could occasionally cause a softlock when an enemy dies to Doom
- Fixed an issue where a card enchanted with Swift 2 would still say it draws 1 card
- Fixed an issue where Enthralled curse was not applying to cards with enchantments that set their energy cost to 0 like Royally Approved
- Fixed an issue where killing Magi Knight enemy while playing cards very fast could cause a softlock
- Fixed an issue where Razor Tooth relic wasn't upgrading Powers that have Replay after their first play
- Fixed an issue where the game could occasionally softlock when a power is removed due to its amount reaching 0
- Fixed an issue where the game could softlock during certain "play this card twice" effects
- Fixed an issue with Swift enchantment where it would draw extra cards on subsequent plays
- Fixed issue where you cant click on boss node if it is slightly off screen
- Hovered potions are  shown to other players in Multiplayer now
- Killing a creature that has Pull from Below while you have Gremlin Horn no longer results in a softlock
- Plating power now gives you block before Slithering Strangler enemy's Constrict power deals you damage
- Reaper Form card's portrait dimensions have been fixed.
- Scarcity ascension now properly reduces potion odds by 25% instead of ~15%
- When a generated card would be added to your hand but your hand is full, the card now flies to the discard pile